So, one of the questions might
be why would we do that?
And honestly, it's only an organizational
thing and keeping things nice and
organized.
Just so that you could clearly see, okay,
these are the responsibility
of this player state.
And these transitions are the
responsibility of this volume state,
anything that happens in there?
All right, one question asked in the chat.
Is it better to use final
in nested states and
on exit?or on done rather
than target in ID?
And the answer is yes.
And we're gonna be taking a look
at that at the next section, or
one question asked in the chat.
Was in order to make it a bit more
readable is it recommended to split
the child machines or the child states
into their own functions or files?
And honestly, this is up to you.
Think about how you would
structure your own code base.
Since this is just an object,
you could separate these outs into
separate variables and just call it
volume state or something like that.
And then import it into this file and so
that might make things
a little bit more clear.
Also if you can't do that then you could
just basically collapse everything and
get a really nice higher
level overview of how.
Just everything that can happen.
And so while yes, this is big,
try to imagine this in code without
a state machine or a state charts.
Over here.
I could take a glance at everything and
understand what the different states of my
app can be in such as loading or ready.
And what can happen in
each of those states.
And so I also see that I'm handling
the player in the volume if I
also handle something else over here.
Then I have a really nice higher
level overview of those things.
And I also have a way of saying or
of seeing what transitions in events
are handled in the state machine.
So I already have a really good
overview of all the features of my
application just by
looking at this object.
And if your object is big, that means
that you have a lot of features and
you have a lot of different ways that
users can interact with the application.
Which definitely not a bad thing but
yes having that organized is something
that's up to you and something that
of course is always beneficial to do.
So yeah I do recommend if you want
to split it up into separate files
that's up to you and in a future lesson.
We're gonna talk bout just the idea
of splitting things up into
separate machines as well if
you wanna do it that way.
And that's essentially the same idea
as splitting it up into separate files
the follow up question is will you be
able to get a Serializable machine.
If we're exporting this from
a different file into this machine and
the answer is yes.
And that's because in our player machine
we are collecting all of those and
we are basically creating
a runtime big objects value.
Of all of the different states and
transitions regardless of where
they live in our code base.
And that is something that, for example,
if you're using X state inspect.
That's something that is sent
over the wire to the inspector,
and it's still going to be able
to see the entire machine.
So you know what, I'll just do
a Small little example over here.
We have an object over here that's
not really reading anything that
we need to import.
So I'm just gonna copy and
paste this and call this volume state.
And we're gonna put it over here so
volumes state equals that big objects.
And you can imagine that this
might live in a separate file.
But now, we see that we have
volume as volume state, and
this is going to be
visualized just the same.
So we could even, for example,
copy all of this and
put it in our visualizer.
And the raise of n is missing, so
I'm just going to comment that
out just for the sake of time.
And so you're going to see that even
though we have that as a separate parts
it's still being visualized the same.
So we have the volume right down here.
[LAUGH] And that's something else
that we also added in there too and
also the player.
We have loading ready with our
playing in paused states and so
it could go between those states.
And we could see just the different
regions that we have in our application.